Support of optional parameters in fundamental setup.

New optional parameter to style and laml-style in fundamental setup.

emacs-support/laml-template.el
The function split-string renamed to split-string-into-three.
There was a conflict between split-string and another function used by Emacs info.
Only local consequences i laml-template.
In general, all the emacs functions should be prefixed with LAML.
Already proposed by a user, but not done yet. Large amounts of work.

new function make-mutator-function in general lib.

improved documentation of the function of the function multipart-decode in the encode-decode library.
This is the crucial function for file upload.

An error in file-uplaod in html4.0/convenience was corrected. Too many string qoutes around the encoding.

The variable general-page-message has been introduced in html4.0/convenience. This allows us to put
a message on top of every page in a large collection.

A new emacs lisp command laml-process-file introduced as a cousin to laml-process-buffer. Both are asynchronous.
laml-proces-file is only introduced in the configuration cs-unix-configuration-solaris-7.
I use laml-proces-file for indirect processing via an laml file, if I hit C-o on a scheme or lisp buffer.
This is quite special, and probably not of interest to other people. Still, the elisp function 
laml-proces-file may be useful.

The emacs lisp command run-laml-interactively works as run-scheme-interactively, but in addition
run-laml-interactively sets up LAML to run in the current directory. Thus, it sets laml-dir, loads laml.scm,
and sets the startup directory.

The Scheme function schemedoc (in laml.scm) is a top-level procedure which in an easy way extract interface comments
and producdes an HTML manual page. 

The LAML questionnaire style has been improved, and the documentation has been shined up.

A LAML tool for parsing and HTML presentation of simple bibtex files have been added to the LAML software package.

A LAML tool for parsing simple XML files have been added to the LAML tools.

A LAML tool for parsing of HTML has been added to the LAML tools.

A Scheme and Lisp pretty printing library has been added to the LAML libraries.
A laml procedure scheme-pp has been added to laml.scm. Using this function it is easy and convenient
to pretty print Lisp and Scheme files from a LAML an interactive LAML prompt.

It is much easier to install LAML version 15 than earlier versions. Based on the
experience with students in Goerlitz, Germany, the LAML installation program now corrects
simple mistakes without requiring the installer to deal with them. In case everything is
in good shape, you only get a single message about successful installation. The updating
of the .emacs file with LAML support is now automatic, based on the configuration variable
emacs-init-file.

Improved and more up-to-date manual page for the Scheme elucidator. An additional
example of elucidative programming is also provide, the purpose of which is to 
demonstrate the means of expression in elucidative Scheme programming.

The very important emacs lisp command embed has been improved.
A new unembed command has been introduced, which is meant to be the reverse command of embed.

December 13, 22:00, version 15.01.
Based on feedback from Aubrey Jaffer I improved the laml-config/laml-config-internal.scm program.
The error messages are now slightly improved compared to version 15. No .emacs file entry
is made in case there are problems with the Emacs lisp exec-stuff in laml-config/exec-stuff.
Furthermore I have made an exact table on the laml software home page with information about
the combinations of scheme-system, platform, and operating system supported.