Improved color.scm library with a tagged rgb color representation.
Backward compatible with old representation. 

July 30, 2002.  lib/compatibility/windows_*.scm:
The function laml-canonical-command-line refined such that
the third element in the result always is a forward slashed full path.
Backward slashing causes an error for the laml command prompt in windows 2000
(and presumably windows systems as well).

July 30, 2002
A guide for use of LAML with DrScheme has been written.

July 30, 2002
The e-lisp procedure do-process-buffer has been added emacs-support/laml-general.el.
The command do-process-buffer supports generalized processing of buffers in Emacs, including Scheme elucidator
processing, LAML processing, and indirect LAML processing.
It depends on the command laml-process-file, which is not yet implemented in very many configurations.
As of now, laml-process-file is implemented for MzScheme on Unix and Linux.

July 30, 2002
Indirect LAML processing added to emacs-support/laml-general.el.
A Scheme or Lisp file can arrange for indirect laml processing by having a special
Lisp comment as the first line in the file, such as ;=>index.laml

August 22, 2002
The menu bindings in the scheme major Emacs mode has been extended with
lisp evaluation functions. This is done to make sure that any buffer in Scheme 
mode has access to smooth interaction with the Scheme process running as 
inferior lisp process in Emacs.

If you do want this, remove the last few lines of emacs-support/dot-emacs-contribution.el
after having installed and configured your LAML system.

Summer 2002.
A lot of extensions and extensionos of LENO has been carried out, both at kernel level
and at the xml-in-laml level.

August 22, 2002.
The Emacs command  M-x set-interactive-laml-mirror-library  now allows you to control
which mirror to use in  M-x run-laml-interactively.

August 23, 2002.
New simple styles (loading styles):
The simple styles simple-xhtml1.0-transitional-validating.scm and simple-xhtml1.0-frameset-validating.scm 
have been added for symetry reasons, and for easy loading of all three variants of XHTML.

August 31, 2002.
The names of the LENO insert-... commands have all been prefixed with "leno-" to avoid collisions
with important Emacs 21.2 names.



LAML 18.10:

September 7, 2002:
SVG: simple-svg10.scm
It has been arranged that also for mzscheme-200, case sensitive reading is used.
With this, the mirror function names and the attributes is case sensitive  (as needed by SVG).

September 8, 2002:
LENO: 
A few additions have been made - of minor importance.

September 9, 2002:
XHTML:
The following dirs have been removed from lib:
  "xhtml1.0-strict" "xhtml1.0-transitional" "xhtml1.0-frameset"
XHTML is covered in lib/xml-in-laml.

September 9, 2002:
A common convenience library has been introduced for XHTML:
  lib/xhtml1.0-convenience.scm
It was formed from the convenience library in
  lib/html4.01-transitional-validating/convenience.scm
This library is still somewhat experimental - but the manual pages are now included.

October 1, 2002: 
In laml.scm:
An error in the procedure write-html has been fixed.
The problem was that XML documents, represented as ASTs, where not pretty 
printed correctly. We have introduced a new predicate, is-xml-ast?,
which can figure out when we deal with XML asts. In that case we rely on
XML pretty printing, not HTML pretty printing. 
Thank you to Takuo YONEZAWA, i021226@coins.tsukuba.ac.jp, for pointing out
this error.

October 2002
styles/questionnaire/questionnaire.scm
A feedback-mesage clause has been added to the questionnaire.

October 4, 2002:
lib/genral.laml: The paramter profiles of the message and error functions have been 
generalized. Now these functions and procedures accept a list of messages.

lib/xml-in-laml/xml-in-laml.scm:
AST traversal functions added: traverse-and-collect-all-from-ast and
traverse-and-collect-first-from-ast. These functions are convenient
to dig out information of an XML AST.

lib/xml-in-laml/xml-in-laml.scm:
The higher-order function xml-in-laml-parametrization has been added.
This function generates function with flexible XML-in-LAML parameter profiles
for old-fashioned functions. Example:

  (define new-indent-pixels
     (let ((val? (lambda (c a) (defaulted-get 'indentation a #f)))
           (med  (lambda (c a)
                  (list (as-number (get 'indentation a))
                        c))))
       (xml-in-laml-parametrization indent-pixels med val?)))


emacs-support/laml-customize.el:
LAML Emacs Customizations.

Two new customization variables have been added:

  interactive-laml-mirror-library:
  Controls which mirror to use in run-laml-interactively.

  interactive-laml-load-convenience-library (boolean):
  Controls if a convenience library is loadedby run-laml-interactively.

Do M-x laml-customize or use Laml menu to activate LAML customization.


October 6, 2002.
tools/calendar/xml-in-laml/calendar.scm
A new version of the LAML calendar tool has been included. It relies
on the XHTML mirrors (transitioanl), but it can in fact also be used with
HTML4.01. The main asset is that with this new tool, the generated calendars
are valid (X)HTML.

